USHIFT-362: consolidate all build output directories (#931)
openshift/microshift: docs/devenv_rhel8.md

> The artifacts of the build are located in the `packaging` directory.

Reviewer: Need to fix the sentence above - the build artifacts are no longer located in `packaging` dir

> The artifacts of the build are located in the `packaging` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The artifacts of the build are located in the `_output/rpmbuild` directory.
```

```bash

> $ find ~/microshift/packaging -name \*.rpm

Reviewer: Suggesting:
```
$ find ~/microshift/_output/rpmbuild/ -name \*.rpm
```

> $ find ~/microshift/packaging -name \*.rpm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ find ~/microshift/_output/rpmbuild -name \*.rpm
```
